well folks it's uh meat whoops did a
super zoom on you it's a me me your own
Darren again this is still the same day
first video here have been just chatting
for a couple of hours about stuff
Darren's doing actually really good
we've been letting him hang around with
us he's been getting a lot more
comfortable even to the point even to
the point where he's actually been
asking for attention and affection which
is key with with any longer status of
the regulations you don't want to
smaller then you do kind of want to wait
to they're asking for it and then even
then you want to set the pace off right
about who's going to be kind of who's
gonna be sent you know set in the pace
and you know and then leading them
through this life is uh one of the first
things we really do is just don't give
the dog affection it's a one you could
tell that they actually want it and then
to we do it up on an hour pause so he's
he's looking for it but he doesn't get
it
well what I do is I then now I know that
he wants it I'll make sure to meet up
the one that's actually initiated and so
you know I'll give him the affection
right I think I'm still in Cameron and
then Google might do the ten second rule
which is after about less you know less
than ten seconds that's really it I want
to keep them wanting it so I need you
know so he
this is going to be our most powerful
reward and training is actually our
touch and our approval he's going to be
he's going to be working for but what
we're going to do right now as it is is
a feeding time is one of his major
issues that he was having at the shelter
is he does have he does protect this
food wall he is a resource gardener so
it's something that we have to work on
to make him successful now things about
aggressive dogs is usually the most
aggressive dogs you find are the most
fearful dogs so essentially even food
ball aggression that is fear related how
is its fear related he is fearful that
people want to steal his food so what
we're gonna do is we're gonna you know
this is going to be the first time you
know that we're gonna you know feed him
in front of us so we're gonna do is
we're gonna put the ball on the far
corner we're gonna drop the leash and
let him eat and with me and Earl are
gonna do is we're just gonna act
completely indifferent to the whole
thing
like we don't even really care and then
when he's done we're not even gonna go
buy the food well either we're gonna act
like we don't even really know what's
there and you know and once he's kind of
comfortable and comes back to us you
know the day just you know days just
gonna go on as usual we're not gonna
stick a rubber hand in there you know
just like I don't stick a rubber hand
and Earl's you know food when he would
easy in his food he has a stick of
rubber hand in my food there's no need
to really do it to him if anything
that's just gonna you know show to him
you know oh yeah I should be protective
of my football because people are gonna
you know people like to stick rubber
hands in there and poke and prod and do
whatever so what I'm gonna do is Earl's
got Darren and you're gonna show him
that we got I got the food
and not be bothered and then what's
gonna happen is we shall put the camera
stuff you can't wait to get us all here
and that's it thank all could release
wide-angle lens so he's needing we don't
really care all right do you like dog
food Earl yeah me neither
I'm pasta kind of kind of guy all right
with this Dara know that you know
probably probably not all right you want
to lick this ball clean when he's done
no nope me neither
all right I don't like to lick dogs
bowls clean the air so we're never gonna
give them that idea that we wanted and
you know at this stage of training to
not only no we're not gonna go over
there mess with them even when he's done
or not even gonna act like we want
anything to do with the actual bowl
all right so we set off we set off the
piece right with him so he knows he
doesn't have to he doesn't really have
to have to worry about the whole bowl
thing I mean it's really is a good idea
even when caring for you know a shelter
dog or rescue dog even for the boarding
dog that has resource guarding is I like
the dogs even the seamy pick up their
ball you know we take the ball after
they're a dandy at when they're after
they're out of there there you're the
kennel will stash him somewhere else and
then we'll go grab the ball afterwards
the more they learn and more that we
show them we don't want the ball but
actually mate makes the problem less
less and easier to manage when we do
when we can for further training
so what's that did you like that huh
we're gonna call me some some affection
okay now again Earl is in the bite suit
not because he likes to look cool but
because this is his first day with
Darren so it actually is just to protect
them in case you know he makes he moves
a little too quick makes them feel
uncomfortable and also by the new
handler being feel comfortable and
protected they're actually less hesitant
which makes it easier for the you know
for the door because when we're not
protected and we're tenants it makes the
dogs nervous too so when we when we
cover ourselves it's even makes the dogs
more successful as well see how my kids
did the first day on the bus so so I
hope everyone understood through my
stuttering and well we'll keep you
updated good job there go boy go boy
handsome boy yeah we're there that's the
face of the most that's that's what the
face the real face of a vicious dog
right there all right
you